##Homework 2
#Niclas Allison
#2/11/2022

In Mark Drakes, “A comparison of NoSQL Database Management System and Model”, goes through explaining Database Management System, comparing NoSQL Databases to Relational Databases, and finally going over the different types of NoSQL Databases. Relational Databases are better suited to handle Structured Data while NoSQL databases are better at handling Semi-Structured or Unstructured data. There are four types of NoSQL Databases: Key-value Databases which store and manage associative arrays (a collection of key-value pairs where the key is an identifier for the value associated to it); Columnar Databases which store data in columns where each column is stored in a different region in the file system or in a separate file; Document-oriented Databases which store data in the form of documents, similar to key-value databases each document has a unique identifier the key and the identifier being the document; and lastly Graph Databases which similarly to Document Databases store data as document, but with Graph Databases identify relationships between the documents. One thing that stuck with me is that Databases are not always virtual, but DBMS’s are. 

The Databricks article, “Introduction of Data Lakes” explains what data lakes are, challenges with data lakes, and how Data lake-houses take care of the challenges of data lakes. Data lakes basically can store large amount of data be it raw or structured data. The challenges with data lakes is that it is incredibly slow with large amounts of data, are hard to have security because of lack of visibility and ability to update or delete data, and without proper instruments in place reliability suffers. With the introduction of data lake-houses which basically adds all of the database management functions from database warehouses and runs them directly onto the cloud based data lakes. 
